[Doc Feature][Integrate people picker] [2062422] (#5436)
MicrosoftDocs/msteams-docs: msteams-platform/whats-new.md

| Date | Update | Find here |
| --- | --- | --- |

> |03/23/2022 | Integrate People Picker capability to desktop | Integrate with Teams > [Integrate People Picker capability](concepts/device-capabilities/people-picker-capability.md)|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|03/23/2022 | People Picker capability now supported on Teams web and desktop | Integrate with Teams > [Integrate People Picker capability](concepts/device-capabilities/people-picker-capability.md)|
```

| Date | Update | Find here |
| --- | --- | --- |

> |03/29/2022 | Integrate People Picker | Integrate with Teams > [People Picker capability](concepts/device-capabilities/people-picker-capability.md)|

Author: Comment incorporated.

<summary><b>2022</b></summary>

| **Date** | **Update** | **Find here** |
| -------- | -----------| --------------|

> | 03/23/2022 |Integrate People Picker capability to desktop| Integrate with Teams > [Integrate People Picker capability](concepts/device-capabilities/people-picker-capability.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 03/23/2022 |People Picker capability now supported on Teams web and desktop| Integrate with Teams > [Integrate People Picker capability](concepts/device-capabilities/people-picker-capability.md)
```
